Everyone Kon'nichiwae
For as it says charm about it that antique Rolex is today
1675 gmt master
77 years 1977
gmt master
Oh Kaa Obujeru ne 2
Let 's say that Les is caught and breathe and put two parts together in one
I'm involved in breath
Completed model
It's kinda broken, and here at the seaside
It becomes a photograph, but in ratification
Luminous lights are not so burnt and almost all new
jmt master
reference number 4 digits are followed new antique
It is called though
Why is that so Antique Rolex
Oh dear
It is said that the value is high but a little
Well I think I want to think
For the first time at the now Mori 5-less number is 6 digits You're Well index at those
Well Though cut off some time
The shape of the star case is far from men
If it's the latest one and it 's a little too big
Voice too
In though it is heard Kaiserslautern in me
After all it is 50's 60's
Within it from the 70's 80's
The and already that the form of the brain x- Well Oyster case has been completed
Moreover
With the year
Well with regard to performance
through
Is completed
If in Well at you tributaries Well become a sapphire crystal from Pula to Sora亡
In the case of anti-vibration also completely
A little in going waterproof increases the 100m 200m 300m a square posture further in
As for the current black recently
It's not an idea but it's a little more
I personally think as if I changed the route too much
This blue is also about wall 0
It seems to have revived again recently
After all this chair turkey teapot
Size is personally
Well the best
I think the Fu say
Here's a little more about the index
Is it too obvious
It may be easy to see the theme but personally it is also the best size for this index
Kana
In feeling
various
I wonder if I should go
Good today